[Music]
hi Rosie friends dis Julie and today I'd
like to talk to you about a funny little
product that I received for free in
exchange for an honest review I got this
about a month and a half ago I think and
I've been using it ever since so that I
could actually get a good feel for how
it works and things and that is called
the magic soap dish and this is what's
the magic soap dish looks like it has a
soap in it right now I will take it out
see it just basically looks like this it
looks like a V so it came on this piece
of cardboard here with a bunch of
information and it says you will never
have to clean your soap dish for the
life of the barb so water drains to the
base and evaporates leaving your soap
high and dry no more mess bar soap lasts
20 percent longer and they have a full
website with a lot of information about
a little videos and things and the idea
is that it keeps a bar of soap held
elevated there is a reservoir in there
where water can drip like you can you
can see my finger and sink down into it
so that's where water can drip and the
bar of soap is actually held above it so
that it won't be gunky and so it can dry
out between uses and the idea is
essentially that it won't allow for you
know it's not sitting in its own gunk so
that bacteria can build up and things
like that and also it stops it from I
mean the longer about a bar of soap sits
in water than the shorter its life which
means you're essentially throwing away
money I was aware of this I can't say
that I was all that concerned about the
bacteria thing which I probably should
have been thinking about but I tend to
think soap you know it rinses away it
cleans itself so I've always bought
these sort of soap dish thingies with
these spikings on top they're little
rubber things and over time they get
disgusting and I try and clean them and
then after a while you have to throw
them out which is terrible for the
environment I can admit it that I do
this I probably go through to a busy
year which is not that much but I'm
justifying because like I'll show you
this is what they start to look like
over time this is embarrassing but I'm
trying to be honest with you so there's
basically that's a soap on there like a
flavorless left and it gets a buildup of
soap this and also the lint from my
towels and cloths and things which is in
the air in the bathroom because I feel
in theist I have really good soft towels
and they leave lint on everything and
they're pink so there is always a layer
of pink lint on the soap dish because it
sticks to all the soap gunk here's
another example of one because this one
is a brown colored folk so it's I have
that in a travel case but it gets dyed
brown and then it looks disgusting too
it's clean
I wash it and it's soaked this on it but
it looks foul and it's embarrassing to
have guests over so at the last minute
I'm always scrubbing out those also
things so for I have these backup ones
so that I can put out a nice-looking so
thingy so that even if I put out a fresh
bar of soap then it's not being stuck on
to something that looks like that so
okay so there's a really horrible
embarrassing personal thing about me but
you know I mean I was doing the best
that I could and I would wash them and I
would wash them a lot I mean this is
kept regularly clean and it still looks
like this so then when the company
behind this product the magic soap dish
came along and said hey would you like
to try our product we'll send it to you
for free and in exchange for just a
video with an honest review just talking
about your experience exactly how it
went I jumped on board so I've been
using it for about a month and a half as
I said this is a bar of Dove soap it's
the Dove original just white bar that
looks like this and I chose that one
because honestly I wanted to test a
really a bar of soap that would it
normally go slick if you stuffed like
super quickly and that creates a lot of
gunk and I find that dove does that I
liked of I'm not speaking out against
stuff I think it's a lovely product in
fact I reviewed a couple of dumb bars of
soap in another video of mine if you
want to see that I will put a link to it
here for you but yeah so it's just that
it is a very soft bar of soap and when
it has water on it it wears down really
really quickly so as you can see even
after all that time I still got about a
third of the bar left also I want to
point out that this is technically made
for
putting next to your sink so that you
can wash your hands so I really put this
through the wringer because I use it in
my shower and so it was constantly being
I mean I put it out of the way there
wasn't water washing onto it all the
time it was out of the way of spraying
things but when I put the soap back it
was you know my hand was really wet I'm
in the shower so it's constantly being
refilled with water my experience is
that I really do think that it has made
the bar of soap last longer because I've
never had a bar of Doug's last that long
this is going to last longer than two
months and there's still a lot of that
bar left so I'm super impressed with
that that would be a real money saver
and that's important to me because to be
honest I don't used of a lot I use other
products like Celtic complexion or SVP -
sea buckthorn and these are pharma far
more expensive and I would really rather
they last if that's the case because I
think they're worth what I'm paying for
them obviously but at the same time if I
can get more out of them I would
absolutely love that even the SVTC
vector3 three-in-one shampoo bar like so
if I want to swap it out on my soap out
for my shampoo or if I want to get a
second magic soap dish I could line them
up Amish are basically on the little
shelf that I have in there it'll help
the things to last a lot longer and
that's actually the main thing that I've
been concerned about as much as see not
having it sit in its own bacteria you
know is it is worthwhile to be concerned
about that I'm much more concerned about
making it last longer because I love
these products and I would rather spend
less so yep I really really impressed
with the fact that it does make them
last longer when the bar was actually
suspended at the top when it was bigger
it was sitting much higher up because it
was it took up a lot more space actually
I'll just crack into this box and put a
new one in so I can show you exactly
what I mean so here's a new one you can
even see it's got that little thing on
it so it's brand new so when you put
that in it's this way up there so it's
way away from the water it drips down
there it's nowhere near it so at that
point the little reservoir it didn't
even matter that
I was in that I had it in the shower and
that it was constantly being flooded
with water it could fill up all the time
and it didn't matter it it was always
drying up now I have it down here so
it's kind of blocking off the reservoir
a little bit so it doesn't dry up quite
as quickly but that's my fault because
I'm kind of not using it for what it's
designed for but I still love it for the
shower so basically the idea is just to
dump it out to turn it upside down at
the drain and pour out the external
water at the end of shower and then the
whole thing dries out and it lasts so
long and even if I don't happen to
remember it's not like it's sitting
there and you know in this or on a
regular soap dish on its own gunk like
it's not just filling up with yuck so
it's a really it's a very interesting
product it's a very well designed
product it stays super clean I didn't I
didn't even clean this before bringing
it to do the like to do a super close-up
on it let's see if I can actually get it
to focus there we go
it's absolutely clean as though it were
new it doesn't have anything on it and
it's been in my shower the whole time
and has a bar over there if you soak in
it right now it does stay super clean I
would say that it lives up to its claims
it says that you don't have to clean the
soap dish for the life of the bar so I
can absolutely believe that and I think
basically after that bar of soap is done
all I'll do is just sort of run it under
some hot water and it should be ready to
go for the next one I think the only
drawback I can see to this product and
it's because I was using it like this is
not what it was designed to do was
basically um if you use it in the shower
it's not easy to get once the bar of
soap is down that far and your hand is
wet it's not easy to get it out of there
when your hand is wet because you have
to kind of dig way down so essentially
if I have one other hands it's busy you
know if I'm holding a razor or something
and I'm trying to get the bar of soap
out I do have to use both hands but um
that's really not that big of a deal so
I can definitely say that I will
continue using this product I'm really
happy that I have it it will be it will
just sit there in my shower that will be
what holds you know any of the bars of
soap that I happen to use it does hold a
lot of different shapes
so that said like this is the Celtic
complexion one and it does have a
wrapper on it right now but if it were
to be much bigger it will fit you know
that much but if it were to be any
bigger than this which is a pretty big
bar of soap you know it's much bigger
than that one so you can see that it's a
lot larger if it were any bigger than
that then it wouldn't fit in there but I
think any standard bar of soap that you
would get anything you know dugs was a
perfect fit and it does seem to hold the
square ones and the rounded ones as well
it does a really good job there oh and I
did test it out when the soap gets
really tiny and I tried putting this in
there as well and it does still fit
above the reservoirs so it's not going
to sit there in its own liquid and just
do there especially if you pour it out
what if you're using it in the shower it
would be perfect for using next to the
sink but I just don't happen to use bar
soap next to the sink I have liquid soap
there so if you are actually interested
in trying this the magic soap dish for
yourself the company behind it was super
super great and they not only gave me a
coupon code to give you to get twenty
percent off the price of it on the
official website which is super cheap
anyway and I will put that in a
description below and if I remember to I
will put it somewhere on the screen but
it's for 20% off of the price so if you
want to try it out then that makes it
even more affordable than already is
this is not a sponsored video by the way
I was just given the product for an
honest review and then they offered to
let me share a coupon code with you so
you could save so I'm not going to turn
that down and they also offered to do a
giveaway for anybody who wants to give
it a try for free this giveaway is open
to anybody in the United States in
Canada and in Australia so this is the
first time I've done a giveaway for my
Australian rosy friends if you want to
take part in the giveaway all you need
to do is leave a comment that says what
kind of soap is your favorite kind of
soap and then we will know what kind of
soap you'll be using in your magic soap
dish if you are the winner there will be
one winner for the giveaway and it will
be completely free you will not be asked
for any money at any point and I will
put all of the dates and the
conditions and all that kind of stuff in
the description for this video below but
yeah so I am really grateful to bow
industries the company behind the magic
soap dish for sending me this to try I'm
definitely going to keep using it I'm
really grateful that they sent me a
coupon code so that you could try it for
a super discount too and I'm very
grateful that they have launched a
giveaway through my channel as well so
good luck to everybody I do hope that
you liked this video if you did please
give it a thumbs up and if you want to
see more videos like this where I review
products and test things on screen and
do giveaways and I hope you'll subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already
done so and other than that I will see
you next time
[Music]